# Assignment
## Reflection-ASSIGNMENT 1 NALI 2023<br>
  The activity NALI 2023 experience was enlightening,shows me a glimpse into the future of education through technology. Presenters from the event always show us their product that aim to foster continuous improvement and innovation in educational practices. As technology continues to evolve, integrating these advancements into education will be key to preparing students for the challenges and opportunities of the future.For example,Encourage the development of more diverse learning tools and methods to suit different type of courses and learning styles.<br><br>
  From the reflection and interview we made in that event,i learned a lot of things,including the focus on engaging students through interactive and immersive experiences is evident in several projects.For instance, the Leap Space application encourages students to explore the solar system interactively, while the E-bike tracking system addresses the practical needs of students on campus.<br><br>
  My suggestion for improving this assignment is that our team members should dare to communicate more. When there are problems, we should tell the team members immediately so that everyone can solve the problems together to prevent the problems from becoming more serious,because at that time, our team members divided the work when doing this assignment. A problem occurred and one of the team members failed to complete the work within the deadline.
## Reflection-ASSIGNMENT 2 Virtual Talk 1<br>
  This Industrial Talk 1:overview of ICT jobs in Clarity Techwork shows us the diversity of roles within company, ranging from CTO to QA Testing Analyst to UI/UX Designer and Android App Developer.Each role contributes uniquely to the overall success of the digital asset ecosystem.From this I learned varied responsibilities and increase teamwork in the future.Besides,from the talk,i understand that continuous learning  is needed in IT industry,because rapid pace of technological advancements requires professionals to proactively seek knowledge and stay abreast of the latest trends.<br><br>
  From the poster we made about virtual talk 1,I learned basic principles of graphic design,such as layout,color theory.Learning to make a A4 poster and understand the format of a poster that include introduction,executive summary,content of those speaker and the reflection.I learned to extract useful content from what the speaker said and then reduce the content to a more concise form。<br><br>
  My suggestion for improving this assignment is i should enhance my poster design to make the poster more attractive and appealing.For examples,i could apply colour match and a more organize layout to increase readability and ensuring a polished appearance.<br><br>
## Reflection-ASSIGNMENT 3 Industry visit (UTM Digital)<br>

## Reflection-ASSIGNMENT 4 Virtual Talk 2<br>
